need to Ryazan region calmed down and
wind and Belarusian rescuers using
moment moved to decisive
localization actions
wildfires and the elimination of large
foci around populated areas
hidden in the deep forests such Ryazan
areas of 120 small and large villages
total fire front about twenty
four kilometers of villages where and
burdock our fighters saw constantly
camps
together with the Russian firefighters where are they
deliver food on duty
clock operation headquarters
Russia tracking the situation in this
district decided to appoint
fire extinguisher
this Belarusian locality
Colonel opinion Sergei kingsnichenko
I was amazed and now listen not
only their own, but there are Russian colleagues
so to speak puts out broke Russian business
that if you have half a year of work
fire was delivered to the site clearly
didn't hit any and unknowingly
hard private houses in the area
Russians stood
to estonia
us but for me
in this area is also dangerous now
the magnitude of dressing Russian
specifics from st. petersburg moscow and
other regions are late
when villages
already on the outcome of the forces defended Belarusian
cholera rescuers
rain is not a point workers accounts
sauna stove
I want methane and the hand than most
then when were healthy
these guys
the nation is on the 5 nation party of the party about
of motivation
well, fuel
to start burning
total in extinguishing wildfires on
in Ryazan are involved about
4000 people and about four hundred units
equipment after the Belarusian
lifeguards
Ryazanians came to help from others
Russian regions
as well as Azerbaijan, Turkey and Armenia
Ukraine, France recently joined
a large detachment from Poland true technology
Polish in contrast to the Belarusian low
passable and does not allow to go
the depth of the forest so the Polish firefighters
do the work factor he's not right
I really would not have the protection of human settlements
what did we have to do
meet on firing lines
Belarusian rescuers
explored the territory together
worked very professionally foul
according to the latest information now
Russia completely extinguished fires in 14
regions of the country is the data of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia
as stated by the head of department, Sergey
Shoigu on the last selector
all foreign meetings
specialists including Belarusian
rescuers will leave Russia already in
soon it is supposedly
nineteenth of august
Konstantin about God Vitaly Petrov
Ryazan region, our news is understood